Update readme to clarify current state of schema validation (#55)
Boeing/config-file-validator: README.md

## About
How many deployments have you done that needed to be rolled back due to a missing character in a configuration file in your repo? If you're like most teams that number is greater than zero. The config file validator was created to solve this problem by searching through your project and validating the syntax of all configuration files. 

> [!NOTE]

> > For now, the config-file-validator is a tool that specializes in syntax validation. It does **not** perform schema validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The config-file-validator only performs syntax validation. We are working toward adding support for schema validation in future releases
```

The config-file-validator is built as a statically linked binary which can be downloaded and executed on your target system. Binaries are available for Linux, Windows, and MacOS. Navigate to the [releases](https://github.com/Boeing/config-file-validator/releases) page to download the latest version. Once the binary has been downloaded it needs to be installed by moving the downloaded file to a location on your operating system's PATH.

## Using

> > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: I feel like the `About` section is more appropriate for this type of clarification. Also, I'm not sure this needs an `[!IMPORTANT]` highlight as this was intedented to just be a clarification - `[!NOTE]` is more appropriate.

Author: Sure, let me fix it
